$Id$

FAQ
===

Some common questions/problems.

1). Honeysnap is showing all counts as zero even though I know 
there are packets it should be counting!

A) Check that your honeypot IP addresses are correct. If they
are wrong, honeysnap will be looking for packets to hosts that
may well not even be in the pcap file, hence the zero counts

2) When Honeysnap processes separate pcap files it reports on
each one separately. How do I get it to just report on all the
files as one?

A) There is no functionality in Honeysnap itself to do this
currently, however it is easy to do. First use another program
to merge the pcap files into one and then run honeysnap on 
the result.

One program that does this is pcapmerge, which is part of 
tcpreplay, available from

http://www.sourceforge.net/projects/tcpreplay/

Install this, and then use

pcapmerge -o outfile pcap1 pcap2

to merge the files pcap1 and pcap2 into one file 'outfile'.
Then run honeysnap over 'outfile'.   

3) Does Honeysnap support Python 2.3

A) No. Honeysnap requires Python 2.4 or greater.   
 
4) Honeysnap installs the binaries in a stupid place! How do I 
change where they go?
                                                          
A) Specify a script directory like this:

$ sudo python setup.py install --install-scripts=/usr/local/bin

5) I want to hack on the code, but running 
$ sudo python setup.py install
every time I make a change is annoying!

A) Instead of the standard 'python setup.py install' run:

python setup.py develop

This will point the path at your install directory so honeysnap
will run directly from there. Specify --uninstall to undo.    

6) I'm getting 'Too many open file' errors or 'honeysnap.flow.fileHandleError'

A) Please report a bug in Bugzilla! As a workaround, try increasing the
number of open files. On a UNIX-like systems (Linux, OS X etc), run

$ ulimit -n 4096
                           

7) Does Honeysnap work on Windows

A) Probably, but we haven't tested it, and the install process is not
documented. We'd be grateful for help with either of these areas!


